doc: release notes and restructuring (#706)
nrfconnect/sdk-sidewalk: doc/releases_and_migration/release_notes_addon_v010.rst

.. _sidewalk_release_notes_addon_v010:

Release notes for Amazon Sidewalk Add-On v0.1.0
###############################################

This page tracks changes and updates as compared to the latest official release.
For more information refer to the following section.

For the list of potential issues, see the :ref:`known_issues` page.

Changelog
*********

This is an initial release of the Amazon Sidewalk Add-on.
Starting with the nRF Connect SDK release v3.0.0, the Amazon Sidewalk protocol is no longer a part of the nRF Connect SDK.

TBA

> 

Author: Please add the release notes entries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with the nRF Connect SDK release v3.0.0, the Amazon Sidewalk protocol is no longer a part of the nRF Connect SDK.

Release notes for Amazon Sidewalk Add-on v1.0.0
###############################################

- **Move Sidewalk do add-on**
  - Make Sidewalk a west manifest application.
  - Added new setup and migration instructions for Sidewalk add-on.

- **Sidewalk libraries**
  - Integrate latest Amazon Sidewalk v1.18 libraries.

- **Samples PAL and Utils Updates**:
  - Added state notifier disable option.
  - Updated subGHz config.
  - Refactor Kconfigs with regard to changes in nRF Connect SDK.
  - Disable RTT backend. logs and shell on UART only.
  - Increased log thread delay.
  - Minor fixes.

```
